feat: Beagle Configuration on entrypoint doc (#902)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/ios/customization/dependencies/overview.md

* start it and make the necessary customizations.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> Now Beagle has a new way of instantiation that can hold multiple configurations across the application, for further detail see: [**Multiple configurations**]({{< ref path="/ios/customization/dependencies/multiple-configurations.md" lang="en" >}})

Reviewer: Avoid time-sensitive words.

```suggestion
Beagle has another way of instantiation that can hold multiple configurations across the application, for further detail see: [**Multiple configurations**]({{< ref path="/ios/customization/dependencies/multiple-configurations.md" lang="en" >}})
```
